[integrations/integrations] add integrations to cms pages (#2059)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/guides/cms/wordpress.md

- [Building An Astro Website With WordPress As A Headless CMS](https://blog.openreplay.com/building-an-astro-website-with-wordpress-as-a-headless-cms/) by Chris Bongers.

- [Building with Astro x Wordpress](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jstqgklvfnc) on Ben Holmes's stream.

## Production Sites

> The following sites use Astro + Netlify CMS in production:
> 
> - [Rafid Muhymin Wafi](https://softhardsystem.com/)

Reviewer: We can add the repo for this one though:

```suggestion
The following sites use Astro + WordPress in production:

- [Soft Hard System](https://softhardsystem.com/) by Rafid Muhymin Wafi — [source code on GitHub](https://github.com/RafidMuhymin/softhardsystem)
```
